content/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, before:

= {lab_name}

The `lab_name` var, known as an asciidoc attribute, above was set in `./content/antora.yml` and can be used to set the lab_name or title of your content.
You are both free to change its value and if you prefer to use a different var name, you can change the value of `lab_name`, for example to `title` in `./content/antora.yml` and then reference it in your content as `\{title}`. +

image::rhel-logo-black.jpg[rhel-logo-black,55%,55%]

== Variables

Other vars can also be set there, such as `ssh_user` and `ssh_password`, and referenced inline in the lab content by using the `\{foo}` syntax.

This is another var, or asciidoc attribute, from `./content/antora.yml` {my_var}

== Writing your lab

Whatever type of content you are writing we'll refer to your *content* as "your lab" in this document.

=== Lab structure

Wether you are writing a lab

* First, we will build a monolithic application already compiled as RPM packages and put it into a container. This will allow us to deploy the application, copy it between machines, and update it separately from the operating system. This process affords us a portable and easily maintained component instead of tightly coupling the application with your operating system maintenance.

* In closing we will build a second container on a different operating system version that makes an application not packaged into RPMs. This will be similar to a web application deployment, positioning the correct files at the right locations. To do this, we will pull a project from GitHub and position the component files within our container image. The purpose of this is to achieve a portable application container that can deploy on several different versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux. This also provides the benefit of decoupling your application maintenance, which would all happen by building new containers versus operating system maintenance. The container is no longer reliant on the operating system installed on the machine where the application is deployed.

. Now let's examine this cluster a bit more by describing the cluster (the `$GUID` environment variable is already set for you so you can immediately describe your individual cluster):
+
[source,sh,role=execute]
----
podman ps
----
+
.Sample Output
[source,texinfo,subs="attributes"]
----
CONTAINER ID  IMAGE                        COMMAND           CREATED      STATUS      PORTS                 NAMES
2dcfee9e50c4  docker.io/library/httpd:2.4  httpd-foreground  3 hours ago  Up 3 hours  0.0.0.0:8080->80/tcp  showroom-httpd
----

=== Lab Access

The terminal window to your right is *already* logged into the lab environment as the `{ssh_user}` user via `ssh`. 
All steps of this lab are to be completed as the `{ssh_user}` user.

Commit message:

Bookbag content transfered to showroom

content/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, after:

:guid: %guid%
:user: devops
:user_password: %ssh_password%
:numbered:
:lab_name: Containerize Application

= {lab_name}

== Presentation of Materials

You are viewing a landing page called the *Dashboard*. The dashboard has the instructions and a terminal side by side.

This demo is designed to show the customer a separate terminal window with the presenter working from the dashboard.

NOTE: The dashboard terminal and the projected terminal are mirrored. Whatever you type in the dashboard terminal will be replicated on the terminal window shared with customers.

Deploy mirrored terminal window:

. Click the three horizontal bars at the upper right-hand corner of the dashboard and select *Open Terminal* 

. Click and drag the browser tab to separate the window if needed

== About This Demo
* First, we will build a monolithic application already compiled as RPM packages and put it into a container. This will allow us to deploy the application, copy it between machines, and update it separately from the operating system. This process affords us a portable and easily maintained component instead of tightly coupling the application with your operating system maintenance.

* In closing we will build a second container on a different operating system version that makes an application not packaged into RPMs. This will be similar to a web application deployment, positioning the correct files at the right locations. To do this, we will pull a project from GitHub and position the component files within our container image. The purpose of this is to achieve a portable application container that can deploy on several different versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux. This also provides the benefit of decoupling your application maintenance, which would all happen by building new containers versus operating system maintenance. The container is no longer reliant on the operating system installed on the machine where the application is deployed.

* Clicking the command code blocks inside the instructions will automatically push them into the terminal window.

=== Lab Access
. You can access your lab environment as *{user}* with password *%ssh_password%* with the following command.
+
[source,bash,role=execute]
----
%ssh_command%
----

. All steps of this lab are to be completed as the *{user}* user.
